Master, did you make a mistake and forget it?
Master, you have just completed the operation.
There was no danger just now, it was all my fault.
Don't blame me, just say it and don't think about how to do it.
I have heard the old saying, and I have heard it today,
It's your birthday.
When did you do it? Because I gave it to you and didn’t want to give it away to you.
Master Wan, we came to see you specially,
Are you okay?
Am I okay?
The door of life and death in our room,
Make me feel like you smell like this.
I don't think so.
Down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down.
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down. Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little